Feat: add warning for NCS 2.7 (#249)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-toolchain-manager: Changelog.md

## 1.4.2 - Unreleased

> ### Changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
```

> -   Warning for NCS 2.7 experimental usage with VSCode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Warning for the nRF Connect SDK v2.7.0 experimental support in the nRF Connect for VS Code extension.
```

Reviewer: Usage of `NCS` publicly is prohibited.
